# cyberfunk_client
A futuristic-themed rhythm game with rudimentary network capabilities. 

# Web End
For the web server hosting the database and web views, see the repo:  https://github.com/jsferrarelli/cyberfunk_web

# Demo Video
For a demonstation of what this can do, see here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kM1__B-jWEk

# Assets
We think it is best to leave the static files outside of the repository for sake of repo size. To access the assets we used, they're uploaded on Dropbox. We have a shared folder here: https://www.dropbox.com/sh/5zu27wvs0ddwf4n/AAB3nY27QCDVf6lG-pPodXmsa?dl=0

# Dependencies
First off, we build this with the Godot game engine. If you want to seemlessly run by yourself, it is recommended you have Godot installed (https://godotengine.org/download/)
On top of that we have the following dependencies:
- Godot 3.2.3
- SConstruct
- Python 3.9
- gcc 10.2

# Installation / Building
We aim to have Windows, Mac OSX, and Linux binaries built and released. However that is proving to be another hurdle. Cross-compiling for Windows is being a bit of a doozy but should hopefully be out soon.
Godot documentation reccomends installing Godot engine separtely on your own and dropping the Godot binary in our project folder. A little ugly but they say it works.

# Gameplay
The game aims to have a catalog of beatmaps a player can play (we managed to produce one). Regardless, once the user starts playing, arbitrary notes begin scrolling towards a zone where the user must press the designated key at the designated time. A long-winded way of describing a rhythm game. According to how well the user the performs, they will be rewarded with points.
The data generated by the player is sent off through the web to our live AWS server and lives on in there. Then then player can replay and supposedly pick a new song to play.

Plans were in place to implement a user account system to better tracking of users' performances. However we just ask them to input their name after each run.

# Future Work
The project has much more to achieve and far from where it could be.
The biggest thing is a beatmap creation system. For a time the notes were hand-programmed in. As of right now, they're randomly generated. An implementation was in the works for a way to scan an audio-file and generate all this cool stuff, but was scrapped due to time constraint. Having one would unlock speedier development for future beatmaps and gameplay mechanics
The user account system would be nice as well since that would allow a more personalized experience for the players, and a more organized way of sorting through score data.
Improved Animations and Artwork can always bring life and character to a game. Creating and procuring more is a time consuming task, but it can always help.
